hey there guys is hedge hog rider today
we're going to be looking at the kamen
rider blade lock seat from kamen rider
gaim i bought this from japan hero
collectibles to go check them out really
good store there's lots and lots of
stuff trust me so anyways this is the
blade lock seed gonna pop out of blade
right there on the side mask rider blade
translucent blue which it looks really
really nice it really does accentuate
the blue backing up and decide to go for
for the base here we have the blade
buckle and on the bottom we have his
change card so pretty cool let's say the
lover you press back open what this is
gashapon so of course you can do this
and just pop it right back on just like
that on the back you have some stuff and
then you have a translucent blue button
which you probably can't see but that
activates sounds this is an LED version
i'm not sure if LED is the only version
out there it probably isn't but i got an
LED version because it's awesome and i
pressed it in the box in it and it just
lit up I was like oh my gosh lights up
so yeah I'm a child so yeah we're gonna
see it looks like when it's opened and
the light flashes and all this other
stuff so now when we get into these
sounds of it and I will shut up
son of speed is awesome now let's get
into the rest of the sounds
and that is it for the blade lock seed
overall it's a really nice lock seat is
just like all the other writer locks
actually is not really anything too
special other than the fact that is
blade um I really want to find out if
this is the LED version is the only
version you can get because it's
actually pretty cool it actually makes
it feel like it's deluxe even though
it's not so that's always a plus so yeah
if you want to catch it with me you can
check me on twitter i am space kita if
you want to see some awesome gameplay
check out my gameplay channel super
speed shoes I have been Hedgehog writer
and I will see you guys next time